Fix broken link (#54083)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/microsoft-testing-platform-architecture-test-framework.md

> In this segment, we'll elucidate the various well-known `IProperty` options and their respective implications.

Author: ```suggestion
As detailed in the [requests section](#handling-requests), the testing platform identifies specific properties added to the `TestNodeUpdateMessage` to determine the status of a `TestNode` (for example, successful, failed, and skipped). This allows the runtime to accurately display a list of failed tests with their corresponding information in the console, and to set the appropriate exit code for the test process.

This section describes the various well-known `IProperty` options and their respective implications.
```
